 Yep, my phone's in high a lea right now
 Yep, my phone's in Hylia right now. Which is a part of Florida.
 I can see it on the fine mind, but I can't get in touch with the dre--
 I can see it on the fine mind, but I can't get in touch with the driver, so I might just have to get a new phone eventually.
 Oh man.
 Oh, man. [laughs] I would contact Uberson Howard.
 try to figure out how you can get the guys number or something. I've done it before.
 try to figure out how you can get the guys number or something. I've done it before but I lucked out where my phone was on and the game is answered.
 Right yeah, you know I went through the process but he goes straight to voicemail.
 Right yeah, you know I went through the process but he goes straight to voicemail because he's uh, I don't know he didn't
 He doesn't have a voicemail set up or something or it's full.
 He doesn't have a voicemail set up or something or it's full. So there's no way they send him a message really.
 They contacted him directly through the app still.
 They contacted him directly through the app still, so we'll see. Maybe he'll get back to me. I have a feeling he's just like...
 like fuck it through it somewhere and...
 like fuck it through it somewhere. (laughs) - We'll good luck, I'm sorry, going through that.
 good. But yeah, thanks for happening on with
 - Good. - But yeah, thanks for happening on with me quick, 'cause I just wanted to talk through it with you.
 and if you are interested I always have to kind of have a lie.
 and if you are interested I always have to kind of have a line of conversations with people before actually like setting up.
 I'm not gonna be an aviation. - Yeah, I understand.
 No interviews. Yeah, I understand. Okay, awesome. So, I saw.
 I came across your LinkedIn and I know that's how we got connected.
 I came across your LinkedIn and I know that's how we got connected. Are you pretty active?
 like looking for new work or can you just kind of update me and
 like looking for new work or can you just kind of update me on your situation right now?
 Yeah, I've been unemployed for a few months, so I'm...
 Yeah, I've been unemployed for a few months, so I'm just working on side projects trying to find new work.
 work and then meanwhile.
 work and then meanwhile okay gotcha so you
 So yeah, I sent you over at the top.
 So yeah, I sent you over at the top where I kind of gave you the background responsibility.
 abilities that was kind of like the notes that I grabbed from like
 that was kind of like the notes that I grabbed from like the conversation with the hiring manager.
 But I guess kind of going off just like a
 But I guess kind of going off just like an initial thoughts is is that something that you thought?
 your skillset or I guess what we're kind of like your
 your skill set or I guess what we're kind of like your I guess just initial thoughts
 My initial thoughts were that I generally fits my skills
 My additional thoughts were that I generally fits my skill set so okay. It was worth. Yeah
 It's hard to see if he has more than trying to talk to them.
 I was trying to talk to them and see what they think.
 Awesome. I know so National Guarding.
 Awesome. I know so National Guardian Life Fair. I'd say it's like a medium size.
 insurance company they're they're basically
 insurance company. They're based out of Madison, Wisconsin.
 but their IT team, they do suit 100% remotely.
 but their IT team, they do suit 100% remote. So they're dispersed across
 across the US.
 across the US, they do have certain states that they need their employees to actually
 sit out of where they're like approved stays.
 sit out of, where they're like approved states, are you, I'm guessing you're here in Florida, correct?
 Okay, so they have people in Florida
 Okay, so they have people in Florida, so Florida definitely is an approved state.
 And right now National Guard.
 And right now National Guardian life they have to like
 big initiatives like their grown their
 big initiatives like they're hiring like crazy just because the amount of
 amount of money they're actually investing into their ideas.
 the amount of money they're actually investing into their IT right now is pretty substantial.
 So two of the big initiatives, projects that they're going to be.
 So two of the big initiatives, projects that they're going through is one.
 One is they're currently...
 One is they're currently replacing their entire policy administration.
 administration system. So they're moving from their
 administration system. So they're moving from their old system, they're implementing a new one.
 As you can imagine, as you're driving a lot of work.
 as you can imagine, as you're driving a lot of work, a lot of business, and then also they
 They are right now trying to migrate.
 They are right now trying to migrate everything over to AWS.
 Those are like the two main initiatives.
 Those are like the two main initiatives right now. They're kind of going on concurring.
 Currently this whole AWS transition is
 Currently this whole AWS transition, it's been going on for, I don't know.
 I don't know like two or three years now, just to kind of get everything up and around.
 I don't know, like two, three years now, just to kind of get everything up and running. But basically,
 the need that they have right now.
 that the need that they have right now would be working on the team that is like replace
 placing the policy administration system.
 placing the policy administration system. They're just at the beginning phases right now.
 now and they understand
 now and they understand that there is a need to bring out like a cloud engineer.
 They're looking for somebody.
 They're looking for somebody specifically that
 is on the AWS side is familiar.
 is on the AWS side, is familiar with infrastructure is code and they've
 and they really want someone that has like the
 and they really want someone that has the terraform, cloud formation experience.
 And then just working with like lambda functions.
 And then just working with like lambda functions. That's something that the team kind of they do have people
 that I do have that skill set.
 that do have that skill set, but I think they're kind of just spreading and they're looking for
 for a resource to come in that really can help build
 for a resource to come in that really can help build out new things for this new solution that they're
 that they're trying to implement.
 that they're trying to implement. Yeah. Does that kind of make sense, right?
 It's kind of like a high level overview. - Yeah, high level though, it fits.
 It's kind of like a high level overview. - Yeah, high level though, it fits my background. There's nothing that stands out.
 is like outside.
 is like outside my, you know, technical kind of skill.
 skill sets. Yeah, I'm AWS.
 skill sets. Yeah, I'm a WS Terraform, cloud formation in the
 in the past, but if they're using Terraform, they probably don't really mean that.
 in the past, but if they're using Terraform, they probably don't really mean cloud formation.
 Yeah, work with landers.
 Yeah, I've worked with landers. So yeah, it depends on
 and a little bit more detail what they're doing, which we'll probably do.
 on a little bit more detail what they're doing, we'll probably get into, you know, if we, you know, set up a
 around the vineyards.
 like a round of inneries but it sounds like off the high level.
 should be a good fit. Okay cool.
 should be a good fit. Okay cool. So basically it's
 If you are interested, what I would need you to do is just kind of
 If you are interested, what I would need you to do is just kind of attach a resume to the
 the email that I have.
 the email that I have. What they're looking to do is they're probably
 probably looking to set up interviews at some point next week.
 probably looking to set up interviews at some point next week. I know they have a company-wise.
 wide event where they're doing like a picnic tomorrow and then
 wide event where they're doing like a picnic tomorrow and then Fridays are usually kind of shot just in the
 in the summer a lot of people take off so it probably wouldn't be to some point
 in the summer a lot of people take off. So it probably wouldn't be to some point next week, but I could send your information.
 information over there. They do have this.
 information over there. They do have this set up as initially like a contractor.
 to kind of help assist them.
 to kind of help assist them. The reason they're doing that is they're trying to get somebody in there quickly.
 and it definitely is like a long term.
 And it definitely is like a long-term position. Like the manager, we just had a call this morning with...
 with him. He's like, he's like, I have approval right now.
 with him. He's like, he's like, I have approval right now to give somebody a year contract, but by no
 no means like this is a multiple year initiative.
 no means like this is a multiple year initiative. He's like, I'm just trying to get somebody in here fast
 He was like, "I don't have approvals to bring someone on as a fool."
 He was like, "I don't have approvals to bring someone on as a full-time FTE right now." But he was like, "He's like..."
 He's like, this is gonna be something that's gonna be ongoing.
 He's like, this is going to be something that's going to be ongoing. He's like, we're just starting this implementation.
 And the way they do it is just kind of like these long term
 And the way they do it is just kind of like these long term open-ended contracts. He was like, I definitely could--
 We could see this person coming on full time, but we would want to make--
 could see this person coming on full time but we would want to make sure the person's comfortable.
 It's a good fit and it's just like a mutual impact.
 It's a good fit and it's just like a mutual interest, but he said by no means even like giving someone
 someone a year contract. He's like, that's not even an end date for me.
 someone a year contract. He's like, that's not even an end date for me. He's like, I could see this going on for a few years.
 And I just don't want to promise people like full time right away.
 And I just don't want to promise people like full time right away. But he's like, this is a lot of moving.
 moving pieces going on. He's like there's definitely an opportunity.
 moving pieces going on. There's definitely an opportunity here for someone to be here a long time.
 how he put it toward me. And I feel like during the interview--
 how you put it toward me. And I feel like during the interview phase, you could probably feel it out with
 I feel like he'll directly kind of give you a good feel too.
 I feel like he'll directly kind of give you a good feel too. Yeah, for sure.
 Okay
 Okay Um, have you ever worked as like a contractor?
 or like an hourly consultant or I guess I
 or like an hourly consultant or I guess I just kind of wanted to walk you through that. I've been part of consulting
 companies for the last...
 companies for the last majority of the majority of my second half of my
 my career but it's full time on the consultant
 my career but it's full-time on consulting as a full-time resource.
 on the consulting company so I'm familiar with doing live content
 on the consulting company so I'm familiar with doing like contract kind of work in that sense but I
 I haven't done like a 1099 or anything of that sort of.
 I haven't done like a 1099 or anything of that sort. Okay. As a result.
 So there's kind of like two routes that
 So there's kind of like two routes that we can partner with people when it comes to consulting.
 You can work like an hourly W2.
 you can work like an hourly W2 where we give you like benefits and insurance.
 Or you can work like...
 Or you can work like C to C route where you both are like your
 your pay for hours worked but if you go
 your pay for hours worked, but if you go like C to C where you have like your own corporation,
 you just wouldn't get like that benefits and insurance.
 you just wouldn't get like that benefits and insurance. And the trade off is like usually the C2C route is you're getting a...
 higher hourly rate. But...
 higher hourly rate, but you're not getting like benefits and insurance included.
 I don't know if that kind of makes sense or you're kind of running through this.
 I don't know if that kind of makes sense or you can kind of run through this. I get VA health insurance.
 So I don't really use health insurance anyways probably be more beneficial
 So I don't really use health insurance anyways probably be more beneficial to me to just go the 1099 route
 Um, you know, but yeah
 Um, you know, but yeah, that's I don't know. It doesn't really matter too much to me. It's like long term.
 That doesn't really change much.
 that doesn't change that doesn't change much yeah if you if you have VA insurance yeah I would I would recommend
 recommend like going the sea to sea route if you have
 recommend like go on the sea to see route if you have like your own corporation you want to work through or like we
 We even have partners that K-Force works for us.
 We even have partners that K-Force works for us, where they can payroll you and you can work 1099.
 Or if you have your own, you want to do it through.
 Or if you have your own, you want to do it through. There's definitely options to go that route, but if you're not.
 not going to take the benefits and insurance like it.
 not gonna take the benefits and insurance, like, you make more money on kinda corporate insurance.
 - Yeah, no, I was not mistaken.
 - Yeah, no, I was not even thinking. - Okay, cool. Um, do you have like a...
 like an hourly rate. You want to try to target just so I can kind of
 like an hourly rate. You want to try to target just so I can kind of communicate that over to them and they can kind of make that
 - Thank you.
 Do you have an idea of what they're kind of
 the competition's looking like?
 the competitions looking like? Yeah, so we just had the conversation with the team.
 with the manager this morning so we're just starting to vet out
 with the manager this morning so we're just starting to vet out candidates right now.
 I can tell you like anywhere from like 70
 I can tell you like anywhere from like 70 to 80 an hour like I feel like that's probably the bald
 all part range that they're trying to target.
 ballpark range that they're trying to target. >> It's what I was thinking, but I was going to initially go with
 with like 80. So yeah, some are 70 to 80.
 with like 80. So yeah, some are 70 to 80 is fine. Okay.
 So my only question is in regards to the contract.
 So my only question is in regards to the contract being a year. I mean like so you're saying though that they are left.
 looking for somebody to come on full time if they're just like
 looking for somebody to come on full time if they're just like confident within like a couple of
 couple months like...
 couple months like or is this just supposed to guarantee
 that at least your company gets the one year guaranteed.
 that at least your company gets the one year guaranteed? No, so basically they
 They have approvals right now to bring on a long-term contract.
 they have approvals right now to bring on a long-term contractor. He doesn't have official approvals.
 right now to bring on like an FTE. So he's like I'm just
 right now to bring on like an FTE. So he's like I'm trying to bring somebody in as a contractor right now to get started.
 He's like down the road. He's like things change. She's like we're higher
 He's like down the road. He's like things change. She's like we're hiring a lot of different individuals right now and he's
 And he said we start a lot of people out as kind.
 And he said we start a lot of people out as contracts and they get hired on full time.
 you selling that to candidates coming in. He was like, you can tell
 you selling that to candidates coming in. He's like, you can tell him it's going to be long-term, consulting, they're going to be here.
 here is like there's definitely a likelihood that they if they
 because there's definitely a likelihood that if they want to and it works out to get fit that there's approval.
 Yeah, I heard that. Yeah, I heard that. I heard that.
 Yeah, I heard that. - Yeah, I heard that. - Yeah, I heard that. - And he's like, he's like, I just don't have budget right now to give somebody that. So he's like, I don't wanna, I don't wanna...
 either way like this is a multiple year initiative.
 either way like this is a multiple year initiative and it's going to be long term down the road like we're gonna
 going to have budget for full-time roles and
 gonna have budget for full-time roles and he's gonna encourage his contractors to apply to him.
 And that's how a lot of stuff works out, but he's like, I don't
 And that's how a lot of stuff works out, but he's like, I don't have approvals right now,
 long-term contractor. Okay, so that's kind of how he did it.
 long-term contractor. Okay, so that's kind of how he did it. Okay. Yup.
 Yeah.
 But yeah, if you are open to having the discussion, really attach it.
 your resume and then what are you.
 resume and then what I can do is
 there would be a gentleman
 There would be a gentleman that I work kind of like counterpart with his
 and Langston. He also works with him.
 and Langston. He also works with NGO and he's the one that actually has the relationship directly.
 directly with the manager out there.
 directly with the manager out there. And you probably want to do just like an informal call
 like we're doing right now and basically like if you
 like we're doing right now and basically like if he likes you he thinks you're a good fit he just sets
 sets up the interview directly with the client.
 sets up the interview directly with the client. So just so you know, next steps.
 Oh my god, and I'll send you here we go
 Oh my dough and I'll send you... here we go. resume.
 I'm over.
 I'm over. Very cool.
 (crying)
 I think, I don't know what they're talking about.
 And then what I can do is just
 And then what I can do is as soon as I get the resume, I'll get it over to Brian's
 who's my counterpart and then I'll get some times for
 who's my counterpart, and then I'll get some times for him, and I can just set up like a--
 I don't know if anyone can just call us people, but I can set up another
 phone usually just calls people but I can set up another quick just like conversation like this for you to talk with them
 And then he can help something interview for you, and I'll get you
 and then he can help set up the interview for you. And I'll get you availability of what works for him, and I'll get you multiple times.
 and you can just kind of pick what works with your schedule.
 and you can just kind of pick what works with your schedule. Okay, sounds good. Not at all.
 cool um but yeah I uh my internet
 cool. But yeah, I might end in it sometimes a little slow if I don't see the resume.
 guys may come through, I'll get a hold of you, but I'll uh...
 guys may come through, I'll get a hold of you, but I'll get going on my end and kind of
 Yeah, now I have that like pause 15
 Yeah, now I have that like pause 15 30 seconds in case I send something messed up
 up to where it should be about to go through.
 up to where it should be about to go through.
 Sounds good. Well, any anything on that.
 Sounds good. Well, anything on that job description, anything kind of like stand out to you or anything that
 that you thought looked weird or anything that you want me to kind of clarify.
 that you thought looked weird or anything that you want me to kind of clarify at all.
 I didn't know it VMC on AWS.
 I didn't know what VMC on AWS meant
 They used to have, I think it's, so it's
 They used to have something with VMware.
 Yeah, VM cloud or something.
 Yeah, VM cloud or something, either. Okay.
 The actual radio I think it was called set up.
 Vx radio, I think it was called, set up. And then they migrated it over to whatever that acronym.
 afternoon was he said that's not necessary but
 was he said that's not necessary, but it was just something that kind of I called out on the job description.
 description too and he was like it'd be nice to have that but it's not it's it's
 description too and he was like it'd be nice to have that but it's not a big deal. Cool.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 Yeah, let's go. I'd be interested to work on it.
 Alright cool. Well I'll uh yeah.
 Alright cool. Well I'll uh yeah if I don't get the resume like I said mine always is like
 Probably a minute delayed, I'll let you know, but I'll uh, I'll
 Probably a minute delayed, I'll let you know, but I'll talk to Brian, get your info over to him and then
 I'll get you some times and I can send like another just quick video
 I'll get you some times and I can send like another just quick video meeting for you to talk with him. Alright sounds good.
 Alright, thank you Josh. Appreciate it.
 Alright, thank you Josh. Appreciate it. Bye.
